Docs: add a "Scaling out" hint to Quickstart. (#2143)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/getting-started/quickstart.rst

=========================

When you are done, run :code:`sky stop mycluster` to stop the cluster. To
terminate a cluster instead, run :code:`sky down mycluster`.

Find more commands that manage the lifecycle of clusters in the :ref:`CLI reference <cli>`.

Scaling out
=========================

So far, we have used the `serverful` CLIs of SkyPilot, where the notion of clusters is central.

> This is useful for development since it is convenient to log into a cluster and perform debugging.

Reviewer: Isn't it also ~useful~ required for running jobs for on-demand clusters?

Author: Reworded.

When you are ready to scale out (e.g., run 10s or 100s of jobs), SkyPilot supports two options:

> - Queue jobs on a cluster (see :ref:`Job Queue <job-queue>`); or

Reviewer: The reader just used `sky exec` in the quickstart above. Perhaps we should reference it here, hinting that `sky exec` is how you submit jobs to the job queue
```suggestion
- Queue jobs on a cluster with :code:`sky exec` (see :ref:`Job Queue <job-queue>`); or
```

Author: Good call, reworded.

> - Use :ref:`Managed Spot Jobs <spot-jobs>`, which is a `serverless` style API where clusters are not directly exposed.

Reviewer: Alternative to introducing `serverful` and `serverless` concepts
```suggestion
- Use :ref:`Managed Spot Jobs <spot-jobs>`, which runs jobs on spot instances and terminates instances on job completion
```

Author: Good call, reworded.

> Managed spot jobs run on much cheaper spot instances, with automatic preemption recovery. Try it out with:

Reviewer: preemption is a systems-y word, failure might be better understood
```suggestion
Managed spot jobs run on much cheaper spot instances, with automatic recovery from failures. Try it out with:
```

Author: I think it's ok to say preemptions; people who know "spot" should know about that word. "Failures" can mean user code failures which we cannot recover from.

- Adapt :ref:`Tutorial: DNN Training <dnn-training>` to start running your own project on SkyPilot!
- See the :ref:`Task YAML reference <yaml-spec>`, :ref:`CLI reference <cli>`, and `more examples <https://github.com/skypilot-org/skypilot/tree/master/examples>`_
- To learn more, try out `SkyPilot Tutorials <https://github.com/skypilot-org/skypilot-tutorial>`_ in Jupyter notebooks

> We invite you to explore SkyPilot's unique features in the rest of the documentation.

Reviewer: Maybe we can leave this out, less fluff

Author: This seems like a reasonable tone to me. Points out "there are more unique features".
